[The following content is intended
for viewers aged 18 and over]
[It may contain graphic imagery, sounds,
or material involving violence,
sexual themes, and strong language;
viewer discretion is advised]
[This series is a work of fiction,
and any resemblance to actual persons
or to actual events and places is coincidental]
Vier...
I give you my word.
No matter what happens,
I'll face it with you.
Vier...
So, we're partners now.
No matter what...
Vier...
Kidnapping is illegal, you know.
Go ahead and report it to the police.
I'll also be happy to report
that you're involved in bribery.
Deal?
Don't do that.
We can talk this out.
It's nothing serious.
Khun?
Vier?
What the hell is going on?
That's also my question.
What the fuck is this?
You two...
had sex when you were in Bangkok,
didn't you?
We didn't.
What are you talking about?
Answer me, Vier.
You didn't get tricked by him, did you?
Otherwise,
you wouldn't be
avoiding my eyes like this.
I know
that you wouldn't do such a thing.
If it weren't for your company,
you would never have been near him.
When did I trick him?
Tell him
who was really tricking whom.
Tell him.
Now what?
Vier...
Should I finish him now?
I'll give you my shares later.
So,
can you forgive me now?
Can you?
Answer me!
Say you'll forgive me!
So tell me.
Do you actually care
about what happened that night,
or do you just care
that I care about him?
You threatened him
just like you did to me, Kelvin.
Turns out...
you're so much worse than I expected.
Khun,
let's say I understand you.
I won't blame you
for canceling the contract.
But honestly,
you've hurt a lot of people.
Getting a taste of your own medicine
isn't bad.
I'll just see it...
as dogs fighting each other.
How could you say that?
Have you forgotten about us already?
Come here.
Come with me.
What now?
It has nothing to do with me.
Get out.
What the hell?
Love turned into a trap.
A friend became an enemy.
And trust turned into a weapon
aimed back at me.
♫What is left are shadows of ourselves
standing in its place♫
♫And the scars of our pain♫
♫That will never fade away♫
♫What is left
is the gaping wound of the past♫
♫Imprisoned by the love
neither of us could never grasp♫
♫If we could turn back time,♫
♫I wonder if we'd hold each other again♫
Hey, my grandma isn't doing so well.
I've gotta go to Malaysia tonight.
Anyway,
have you seen my passport?
Mind if I check your room?
Maybe it's here.
Okay.
Shit.
A major controversy is unfolding today
as King Group faces serious allegations
following an anonymous leak
implicating Ken Siwawat,
the company's heir and managing director,
in money laundering.
Has the statement been sent out?
Yes, sir.
We clarified that
the allegations are false
and confirmed legal action
against anyone who started them.
But the company's shares
are still plunging.
There's a company
buying the shares at a low price, sir.
Things are getting bad.
Buy them back immediately.
We can't let anyone
accumulate our shares.
The problem is...
the contract Mr. Ken signed, sir.
It has caused the company
to run into serious cash flow issues.
Please excuse me.
Look what you've done.
Dad,
those guys played dirty.
Oh, yeah?
You're the one to blame.
You exposed your own weakness.
Moron.
Dad, stay out of this.
Let me handle everything myself.
I won't let the company take any damage.
No damage?
Look at the mess we're already in.
What do you think
you can actually pull off, huh?
Well...
- I...
- Just go home.
Don't ever come back here
to cause more trouble!
- Dad...
- Go.
Hi, Ms. Un.
Have you seen the latest news?
Just say what you want to say.
Everything was caused
by false accusations from our competitors
who were trying to discredit us.
Ms. Un,
in a situation like this,
I think the two of us
can only rely on the people we trust.
You still have some cash reserves, right?
Before we discuss this matter,
you might want to check the latest news.
Half an hour ago,
King Group released a statement
denying allegations that
Ken Siwawat, heir and managing director,
was involved in money laundering,
labeling them as pure defamation.
Yet within an hour,
the company's stock fell sharply again.
Most recently,
photos and videos have surfaced,
revealing Ken Siwawat's
intimate relationships
with multiple women,
even as he remains legally married.
[Transferor]
Hey, Ms. Un.
It's not true at all.
- I've dealt...
- Katha,
I've given you more than enough chances.
But your performance
has been deeply disappointing.
Prepare yourself. The board
is going to remove you from your role.
Wait, Ms. Un.
Ms. Un...
Hey.
Damn it!
Hi, Uncle Katha.
Is something bothering you?
How the hell did you get in here?
How?!
Guards, take them out.
The security guards and your old team
are gone, Father.
Who are you
to pull dirty tricks like this?
I own fifty percent
of the company's shares
with full support
from your board of directors.
As of now,
you are no longer
the largest shareholder of King Group.
[Shareholders: Kelvin, Katha, Ken]
This marks the end
of Katha Siwawat's era.
So it was you all along.
You tricked your brother
into signing the contract,
drained the company's cash,
leaked the allegations,
and grabbed the shares
while they were cheap.
Impressive.
Like father, like son, huh?
That jerk...
Well,
I mean, Ken...
lacked both the capability
and the vision to lead.
But this whole mess...
It's your fault, Father.
For choosing him,
not me.
Kelvin,
you son of a...
Father,
you can finally rest.
Because from now on,
all decisions of King Group
will be made without your involvement.
Kelvin,
you...
King Group has officially announced
the dismissal of Katha Siwawat as CEO
and the appointment of Kelvin Siwawat,
his second son, as his successor.
In addition,
the Financial Crime Suppression Division
reported that
Katha may be linked to
a transnational money laundering network.
How are you, Lit?
I'm good.
Well,
when will you...
stop getting involved with King Group?
Why do I have to stop?
At this point,
King Group
isn't about family drama anymore.
To me, it's a chance
to turn the future of VPG Group around.
Soon,
once Kelvin fully takes control,
we'll land the big projects, too.
That's how I see it.
Okay.
Wait, but...
why are you here?
You said
you were going to Malaysia last night.
Yeah.
I couldn't find my passport,
so I missed the flight.
What?
Go get a new one.
I'll book you another flight.
It's okay.
Can I ask you another question?
You and...
Kelvin...
How far have you two gone?
I mean,
are you guys already...
in love?
Why would you ask me that?
Are you jealous?
Jealous, my ass.
If you found out he never loved you
and he was only using you,
what would you do?
Listen.
First,
even if Kelvin and I
end up getting married,
you'll still be my best friend.
Second,
Kelvin would never do that.
Don't think too much about it.
Okay.
So,
why did you buy so much stuff?
I bought them to celebrate with Kelvin.
Honestly,
I bet he'll be super happy
when he gets back
and sees I did all this.
Uh...
What are you trying to say?
Just say it.
I don't know.
I forgot what I was gonna say.
You seem tired.
How about going to Malaysia for a break?
Don't worry about me.
Okay.
So,
I'm leaving, then.
And you...
especially today,
take good care of yourself.
Bye. See you.
You're acting weird, dude.
[Can't wait
to celebrate with you, hurry up]
Congratulations on your appointment
as the new CEO of King Group.
Thanks.
You don't seem very happy.
I've been dealing
with quite a lot lately.
Alright, let's get straight
to the point, then.
I see your potential,
and I'm confident
we can work well together.
Just don't forget
to get that file for me.
I know.
I'll take care of it.
That's it for now.
You know New, too?
I don't think we're close enough
for you to show up uninvited like this
or pry into my personal life.
I've backed up all the files already.
What the hell do you want?
You think I'm threatening you?
I just happened to notice
you were in touch with New.
It felt off, so I looked into it.
And that's when I found out
you got Vier's personal information
from him.
You've been watching Vier all along.
And once you realized he's kind,
sympathetic,
and driven by fairness...
Kelvin?
You got close to him
and took advantage of him.
Do you want to do this with me?
If I ever get everything back,
half of it will be yours.
You took advantage of his feelings
and manipulated him into helping you
regain control of King Group.
But you didn't stop there.
You even stole
the trade secrets of VPG Group.
That day,
I found a bug
you planted in Vier's room.
I hacked into it,
and I found every single file
- Yes, Dad.
- you recorded while spying on him.
Mr. Mark's schedule?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
I understand
that Mr. Mark
played a key role in designing this.
Our goal is to reassure him
that we're the best fit
for this project.
You do know New used to be
Uncle Watt's subordinate, right?
He not only turned his back on us
but also stole both resources
and trade secrets from VPG Group
to build his own W Group.
And right now, the thing he wants most
is access to Mr. Mark's schedule.
The reason he wants that schedule
is to use the same strategy
to bring us down.
He'll gradually lure away
our key clients.
And if he succeeds,
what will VPG Group have left?
And do you know
he almost drove VPG Group
into bankruptcy?
He ruined both Uncle Watt
and Vier
and left them deeply scarred.
I know.
Fuck...
What the fuck
are you trying to do, then?!
Tell me!
Not only did you exploit
Vier's love for your own gain,
but you also reached out
to help that bastard destroy VPG Group!
Why the hell are you doing this?!
Vier was nothing but good to you.
Why would you do this?!
This is business, Lalit.
Don't act like a child...
and think love can protect everything.
In the end,
the weak
will be devoured.
You're just...
making excuses for yourself.
Excuses?
This isn't about justifying myself.
I'm doing what it takes to survive.
Vier may love me,
but that is...
what makes him vulnerable.
And that vulnerability
is his weakness.
Do you honestly think...
power can protect love?
All it does...
is push you further away
from being human.
And in the end,
you'll never know
what true love is again.
True love?
Only those with enough power
can afford to keep true love.
End your deal with New.
Go tell Vier the truth
before it's too late.
No.
I can't.
I've come too far.
I won't stop.
And one more thing,
this...
has nothing to do with my love for Vier.
Fucking bullshit.
You two literally share the same bed,
yet one of you
steals the other's information.
And you're saying
that has nothing to do with it?!
Tell me.
Or maybe the truth is...
you never loved Vier at all.
Shut your mouth!
You have no right
to stick your nose
into our relationship.
Stick my nose in, huh?!
You know what?
I haven't told Vier yet
because I didn't want him to get hurt.
But right now,
I'm done talking to you.
If you think what you've done
won't make you lose him,
then let him decide for himself.
I'll be the one...
who tells him the truth.
[When will you be back? Still busy?]
[Not anymore, I'm about to leave]
Vier...
Vier?
Surprise.
You seem so shocked. Why is that?
Nothing.
I was worried you might be hurt.
You still think
someone's after us?
So,
let me ask you something.
If...
I were attacked,
and saving me meant you had to die,
would you save me?
I would.
I'd do it.
You dummy.
I don't want that.
If I'm safe,
you have to be safe, too.
Come on.
Let's sit.
Give it a try.
I even cooked this myself
to celebrate
you getting King Group back.
You cook, too?
Delicious.
Of course it is.
I used to be a chef, you know.
I just...
haven't cooked much lately.
Go on, eat.
Vier...
Hm?
Thank you so much.
I wouldn't have any of this
if it weren't for you.
Why did you say that...
all of a sudden?
Is something bothering you?
Is it about...
your family?
Don't worry about it.
Please don't blame me
or think I'm cruel.
I could never blame you.
This isn't your fault.
It's theirs.
How about this.
If you don't feel okay,
I'll buy a house.
Let's start over together.
Are you saying...
you'd buy a house with me?
I am.
I've never felt this sure in my life.
I want us to have a family together.
I mean...
Let's be together forever.
I promise
I will never leave you.
Promise?
Stay with me forever, okay?
This...
is how a promise should be made.
That's what you told me.
Once everything is settled,
let's go on a trip together.
Sure.
Did I wake you up?
Off to work this early?
Yeah.
I need to hurry up
and sort out the job transfer.
You really are hardworking.
I made breakfast for you.
Make sure you eat it.
Okay,
Mr. Super Busy CEO.
See you.
Yes?
Mr. Vier, the furniture you ordered
has been delivered.
Okay.
[CEO, are you busy?]
[Can you spare some time
for your boyfriend?]
[I have something for you]
[I can tomorrow]
Mr. Kelvin,
we're ready to proceed
with signing the contract with W Group.
Alright, I'll be right there.
Kelvin,
before we sign the contract,
I'd like to confirm this
with you once more.
Are you sure you want to
trade all of your King Group shares
for the right to co-develop
W Group's mobile hotel project?
From what I see,
you're at a disadvantage.
The mobile hotel
is the greatest strength of W Group.
It is your key resource, developed back
when you were with VPG Group.
You knew exactly how to use
that advantage to build W Group.
I'm just learning from you.
You're being too modest.
Thanks to you, Kelvin,
I secured the deal with Mark
before VPG Group could.
From here on, we'll be working together.
May our partnership
grow smoothly and profitably.
Yes.
[Vier]
My apologies.
Something urgent just came up.
Please excuse me for a moment.
Mr. Kelvin...
Please give him a moment.
Yes, Vier?
What is it? I'm busy.
You finally picked up, CEO Kelvin.
Who are you?
Where's Vier?
You mean this little deer?
Who the fuck are you?
Why did you kidnap me?
Vier!
Don't worry,
my deer.
Kelvin,
do what I say,
and I'll let him go.
Vier...
Vier!
Where are you, Vier?
Aw,
this is straight out
of a romantic drama.
You two are seriously in love.
Let's not beat around the bush, then.
Kelvin,
you have six hours.
Bring me 300 million
to the north warehouse.
And most importantly,
you're resigning from King Group.
I don't know
what conflict there is between us.
As for the money,
I can get it for you.
But as for the rest,
I'm sure there's a better option.
You're bargaining with me?
You think you can bargain with me?
Hey.
What are you gonna do?
Whoa, whoa.
Hey, get closer.
Make sure you're in the frame.
Here. Right.
Five, four, three, two,
and action.
Hey, harder.
Yeah.
Great.
Like that.
Stop.
That's enough.
I get it now.
Just don't hurt him.
I'll get you the money.
If you'd agreed sooner,
your little deer
wouldn't have gotten hurt.
Bring me the money.
Don't even think about
calling the police,
or your little deer...
will end up as a ghost
haunting this warehouse.
Don't worry.
I always keep my promises.
Mr. Kelvin,
Mr. New asked me to check with you
whether we are still
signing the contract today.
Mr. Kelvin...
What should we do?
Hey,
any word from King Group yet?
Nothing, boss.
What's taking him so long?
Boss,
could he be trying to
pull something on us?
How long has it been?
Five hours.
Keep an eye on him.
Sure.
Your boyfriend
doesn't give a damn about you,
and he's clearly not coming to save you.
That's not true.
He would never leave me.
You've got it all wrong.
I've got it all wrong?
You don't know shit, do you?
What am I supposed to know?
He never loved you.
He was just using you,
you idiot.
Bullshit.
I'll show you something.
Yes, Dad.
Mr. Mark's schedule?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
Oh,
he's also been dealing
with your family's enemy.
Did you know that?
That's not even all.
We know a lot more.
I'll let you see everything
before you die.
Open your damn eyes.
I call bullshit.
Why are you framing him?
What do you want?
After all this, you still don't see it?
I've got more proof for you.
This angle...
It's the music box
Kelvin gave me that night.
No.
Let me go.
No, Ken...
Leave me alone.
- Don't do it.
- Kelvin...
Kelvin...
Man, your boyfriend's
insanely good at acting.
He could be an actor, honestly.
I wanted to feel sorry for you,
but he fooled me too.
Hey,
beat him up.
Hey...
So everything he did
was just to make me let my guard down,
feel sorry for him,
and turn me against Katha and Ken?
He pretended to be weak,
played the victim,
and tricked me into believing him
and loving him.
And in the end, he got what he wanted.
What we had was never real.
It was all fake.
Vier,
son...
Does it hurt a lot?
Dad...
I'm sorry
I got to you so late.
How long was I unconscious?
You were out for three days.
But you're awake now.
That's enough to put my mind at ease.
And...
what about Mom?
About this...
I didn't tell your mom.
I was afraid it would stress her out.
You look really worn out.
Is something going on at the company?
It's nothing, son.
You don't have to worry.
I've got it under control.
[Witoon (Shareholder)]
The shareholder called.
Is something wrong?
This is my fault.
When you were kidnapped,
I was so worried about you
that I used all the money
to get you back.
At the time, I thought that
partnering with Mr. Mark
would fix everything.
But...
But?
What happened?
What happened...
to partnering with Mr. Mark?
It's nothing.
I'll take care of it.
What you're doing
is just making me worry more.
Kelvin...
isn't a good guy, son.
He did call the police,
but he refused to cooperate.
Do you know
what he was doing?
He was signing a contract with W Group.
Then he stole every single one
of our projects.
I'll let you see everything
before you die.
Open your damn eyes.
Yes, Dad.
Mr. Mark's schedule?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
I'm sorry, Dad.
This is...
all my fault.
You silly kid.
Why would you say that?
Let the past
be the past.
Don't let someone like that
weigh on you.
Look.
How about this?
I think...
once you're out of the hospital,
you should take some time off and rest.
I should...
do something for the company.
Trust me.
I don't want you to suffer anymore.
This one,
I'll handle it.
Okay.
Get some rest.
Vier...
Here's your food, Ms. Lalyn.
Please try it.
It's a bit too cold.
Let me warm it up for you, then.
It's okay.
Just be careful next time.
I will.
Looks like
you finished cooking a while ago.
What were you doing?
Oh, well...
That little doggie ran into the office,
so I went after him.
It tastes really good.
The flavors blend really well.
I love it.
Thank you.
By the way,
besides cooking,
I can do plenty of other things too.
I promise you won't regret hiring me.
So what are these
"plenty of other things"
you're talking about?
Just normal stuff.
Like driving,
lifting heavy things,
doing housework,
and even surviving in the wild.
And most importantly,
I have my own unique self-defense skills.
Hold on,
does surviving in the wild
count as normal stuff?
Yeah.
Mm...
May I have your hands, please?
Is this how you survive in the wild,
or one of your self-defense skills?
When you're tied up like this,
you need to arch your arms
as much as you can.
Then slowly rub your hands together,
like you're washing them.
That way,
the rope will eventually
slip off your hands.
Wait...
Ms. Lin,
your wrists are all red.
Does it hurt?
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
That was exciting.
Well,
my parents taught me
to be ready for anything.
No matter what happens,
I have to survive.
Ms. Lin,
may I ask you something?
What do you want to know?
Ever since I started working here,
I haven't seen
any other masters or madams around.
I live alone in this house.
My dad and my younger brother
live in another one.
As for my mom,
she passed away a long time ago.
I'm really sorry.
I shouldn't have asked.
It's okay.
I heard you're already married, though.
Is your husband not living here?
Don't mention that bastard.
Vier,
what do you want?
Kelvin,
just let me go.
Please.
No.
Listen to me.
The problem
VPG Group is facing right now
is very serious.
Now that Thada Chartered is gone,
there's no solution left for you.
Your only way out...
is me.
All I want is for you to be with me.
And I swear,
I'll give half of the shares of King Group
to VPG Group.
This is the best option you have.
Trust me.
I'm the only one who can help you.
I'm the only one.
Are you threatening me?
Saying you'll stop anyone else,
just like you stopped Khun?
I don't want to do that, Vier.
Please don't make me.
I'm hungry.
Make me something to eat.
Sure.
Sure thing.
It won't take long.
And if you really love me,
you should at least...
show me some respect.
Can you take these chains off me?
It hurts.
You're trying
to run away again, aren't you?
I just want some freedom.
I can't even go watch TV
in the living room.
And also,
you should let me
see my parents sometimes
so they won't worry.
Fine.
You can go see your parents.
But Chao is going with you.
Is that okay?
What's on my schedule tomorrow?
You've got
a shareholders' meeting at ten,
a factory visit at one,
a spa session and a manicure at two,
a flight at five,
and dinner at seven.
You can go get some rest now.
I'll see you tomorrow at eight.
Yes, Ms. Lin.
What's wrong?
Not enjoying it?
Yeah.
It's boring.
Then...
What should we do?
Should we...
do it now?
I don't want to.
What do you wanna do?
I wanna go shopping.
We had a deal, didn't we?
I agreed to let you visit your parents,
as long as Chao tags along.
If you want to do
some shopping, though,
I need something in return.
What is it?
You have to accept my love.
And show me that you love me.
Not tonight.
I'm going to bed.
The movie isn't over yet.
I'm off to work now.
No goodbye kiss?
Don't forget...
our deal.
I won't.
But if you don't let me kiss you,
I won't let you go anywhere.
Forget it.
Give me some time.
Sure.
Hey, Chao.
Come pick Vier up.
I'll unchain you.
I'm leaving.
Wait, Mr. Vier.
Didn't you say
you wanted to go shopping at the mall?
Where is this place?
I feel like having a drink.
Keep me company, okay?
But I don't drink.
Matching mugs?
That's cute.
Is this your house?
It's nicely decorated.
This is not my house.
It's just an old warehouse.
My secret bar.
I used to party here.
You look like something's on your mind.
Is something stressing you out?
I don't know.
Have a drink with me.
I...
I can't, Mr. Vier.
I need to drive.
But I'm feeling down.
Okay, sir.
That's enough, Mr. Vier.
I'm a lightweight.
I've had too much already.
Have another drink.
Mr. Vier...
I really can't.
Where are you going?
I can go wherever I want.
I thought you said...
I was the only one
who could enter this place.
Did I say that?
Why did you bring another man here?
You said you'd go shopping
and see your parents.
What's this?
Won't answer me?
Fine.
You can't go in there.
Then go home.
You seriously
don't respect my right to be alone.
Following me everywhere.
What a psycho.
Your right to be alone?
Then what about me?
Don't I even have the right to love you?
You're just like every other man,
thinking...
that I should love only you
and belong only to you.
You're no different...
from those men who came and went.
You no longer matter to me.
Kelvin!
♫Countless memories♫
♫That cut you deep♫
♫I know there's no way♫
♫To make things right again,♫
♫'Cause I once believed I couldn't love at all♫
♫Never saw your worth until the fall♫
♫If I knew how to love you right,♫
♫I wouldn't live in regret tonight♫
♫I hope the stars would hear my plea,♫
♫I don't want this pain inside of me♫
♫I need you♫
♫Only you♫
♫There's one thing you should know♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once was so heartless and cold♫
♫The truth is I love you with all of my soul♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫
♫How much I love you♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫